capital = 30

set_research_slots = 3

set_country_flag = SEE

set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors
set_country_flag = has_custom_spymaster

set_technology = {
	pony_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Fighter"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_commonwealth_2d_early_fighter_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Bomber"
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_commonwealth_2d_early_bomber_medium"
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 20
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 17
	fascism = 10
	communism = 29
	neutrality = 44
}
set_politics = {

	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

add_manpower = 40000

add_ideas = {
	pony_race
	pre_industrial_society
	better_science_base
	lack_of_scientists2
	poverty3
	limited_conscription
	low_economic_mobilisation
	closed_economy
	EEE_tribal_holdings
	EEE_tribal_politics
	EEE_tribal_militias
	EEE_night_whispering
}

set_variable = { EEE_stellar_note_popularity = 0 }
set_variable = { EEE_red_dusk_popularity = 0 }
set_variable = { EEE_tranquil_serenade_popularity = 0 }

set_stability = 0.40
set_war_support = 0.35

recruit_character = EEE_stellar_note
recruit_character = EEE_midnight_dew
recruit_character = EEE_Tranquil_Serenade
recruit_character = EEE_Nocturne_Vision
recruit_character = EEE_Screechy_Gale
recruit_character = EEE_Evening_Orchid
recruit_character = EEE_Red_Dusk
recruit_character = EEE_Laconic_Azure
recruit_character = EEE_icy_breeze
recruit_character = EEE_berry_meadow
recruit_character = EEE_night_blade
recruit_character = EEE_Moonlight_Crescent
recruit_character = EEE_Waning_Crescent
recruit_character = EEE_Gushing_Pulse
recruit_character = EEE_Moonlight_and_Waning
recruit_character = EEE_Silent_Draft
recruit_character = EEE_Ivory_Fang
recruit_character = EEE_Nightshine
recruit_character = EEE_Moonbeam
recruit_character = EEE_jungle_rose
recruit_character = EEE_bluetaft
recruit_character = EEE_word_bearer
recruit_character = EEE_sapphire_scrape
recruit_character = EEE_steel_shaft
recruit_character = EEE_auburn_glade
recruit_character = EEE_goldenrod
recruit_character = EEE_crystal_clear
recruit_character = EEE_all_clear
recruit_character = EEE_sanguine_art
recruit_character = EEE_thin_line
recruit_character = EEE_purple_spark
recruit_character = EEE_barley_reigen
recruit_character = EEE_lucky_prize
recruit_character = EEE_half_moon
recruit_character = EEE_midnight_lullaby
recruit_character = EEE_ink_spill
recruit_character = EEE_hyacinth
recruit_character = EEE_black_spot
recruit_character = EEE_hemoglobin
recruit_character = EEE_serration
recruit_character = EEE_terra_firma
recruit_character = EEE_bandwidth
recruit_character = EEE_swift_arc
recruit_character = EEE_wave_clipper
recruit_character = EEE_bright_tracer
recruit_character = EEE_soft_reverb
recruit_character = EEE_bullion
recruit_character = EEE_aqua
recruit_character = EEE_tailwind
recruit_character = EEE_firm_trace
recruit_character = EEE_bloodsport
recruit_character = EEE_marble_strata
recruit_character = EEE_onyx_prism
recruit_character = EEE_charcoal_mist

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Liberator Class"
		name_group = BAL_SS_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Worker Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = BAL_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Party Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = BAL_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Factory Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = BAL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Proletariat Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = BAL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
}
