capital = 28

set_research_slots = 3

set_country_flag = SEE

set_technology = {
	pony_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Fighter"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_commonwealth_2d_early_fighter_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Bomber"
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_commonwealth_2d_early_bomber_medium"
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 20
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 3
	fascism = 87
	communism = 2
	neutrality = 8
}
set_politics = {

	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}


add_ideas = {
	pony_race
	outdated_industry
	big_science_base
	lack_of_scientists1
	poverty3
	limited_exports
	low_economic_mobilisation
	
	MTS_unsanctioned_ordo
	MTS_corrupted_conscripts
	MTS_ill_adapted_heat_tolerance
	MTS_miniscule_industry
}

set_stability = 0.40
set_war_support = 0.35

set_variable = { global.MTS_heretic_prisoners = 0 }

recruit_character = MTS_Scorched_Earth_and_Luminous_Blade
recruit_character = MTS_Saber_Rattle
recruit_character = MTS_Broken_Shield
recruit_character = MTS_Various_Cells
recruit_character = MTS_Sparkling_Heart
recruit_character = MTS_Warm_Night
recruit_character = MTS_sunnyflare
recruit_character = MTS_Crona_Shine
recruit_character = MTS_Underbrush
recruit_character = MTS_Aevum_Lux
recruit_character = MTS_Baricenter
recruit_character = MTS_Castellum_Ferrum
recruit_character = MTS_Misty_Vapor
recruit_character = MTS_Storm_Surge
recruit_character = MTS_Hardtack
recruit_character = MTS_Rustic_Glade
recruit_character = MTS_Long_Sprint
recruit_character = MTS_Evening_Tempest
recruit_character = MTS_Soft_Wake
recruit_character = MTS_Wide_Beam
recruit_character = MTS_Skyline
recruit_character = MTS_Radiant_Bliss
recruit_character = MTS_Smoke_Cinder
recruit_character = MTS_Calcate
recruit_character = MTS_Serene_Shore
recruit_character = MTS_Pinpoint
recruit_character = MTS_Sky_Strafe
recruit_character = MTS_Greyscale
recruit_character = MTS_Cerulean
recruit_character = MTS_Charred_Streak
recruit_character = MTS_Silhouette
recruit_character = MTS_Mudslide
recruit_character = MTS_Soylent_Green
recruit_character = MTS_Clean_Heading
recruit_character = MTS_Light_Jolt
recruit_character = MTS_Emerald_Days
recruit_character = MTS_Steaming_Broil
recruit_character = MTS_Convex
recruit_character = MTS_Sugar_Swirl
recruit_character = MTS_Tall_Stacks
recruit_character = MTS_Gallant
recruit_character = MTS_Glad_Tidings
recruit_character = MTS_Keen_Blade
recruit_character = MTS_Sideswipe
recruit_character = MTS_Umbral_Petal
recruit_character = MTS_Presto_Gravy
recruit_character = MTS_Sanguine
recruit_character = MTS_Morning_Rain

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Immortal Class B"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/equipmentdesigner/tanks/designer/ENG/ENG_light_BAB_camo.dds"
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	### Variants ###
	# Submarines #
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Purity Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOL_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chastity Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Holy Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
}

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
